Update testing instructions in AGENTS.md (#170657)
home-assistant/core: .github/copilot-instructions.md

## Testing

> - After modifying `strings.json` for an integration, regenerate the English translation file before running tests: `.venv/bin/python3 -m script.translations develop --integration <integration_name>`. Tests load translations from the generated `translations/en.json`, not directly from `strings.json`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Use `uv run pytest` to run tests
- After modifying `strings.json` for an integration, regenerate the English translation file before running tests: `.venv/bin/python3 -m script.translations develop --integration <integration_name>`. Tests load translations from the generated `translations/en.json`, not directly from `strings.json`.
```

## Testing

> - Use `uv run pytest` to run tests

Reviewer: is this one needed? I've never had it fail to run tests.

Author: Its in Claude Code Web

Author: ![Screenshot_20260514-144952.png](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/749cecf1-3a1a-4163-aff0-c181a612cd8d)

Author: ![Screenshot_20260514-145131.png](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3448cde-90ff-4353-b7d6-178522e9eafe)

> - After modifying `strings.json` for an integration, regenerate the English translation file before running tests: `.venv/bin/python3 -m script.translations develop --integration <integration_name>`. Tests load translations from the generated `translations/en.json`, not directly from `strings.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After modifying `strings.json` for an integration, regenerate the English translation file before running tests: `${VIRTUAL_ENV}/python3 -m script.translations develop --integration <integration_name>`. Tests load translations from the generated `translations/en.json`, not directly from `strings.json`.
```

can we use the env var instead? even if it does not exist, it should be enough to tip the agent to find it

Author: Let's just use uv too? that's the way we want anyone to run anything.
```suggestion
- After modifying `strings.json` for an integration, regenerate the English translation file before running tests: `uv run python3 -m script.translations develop --all`. Tests load translations from the generated `translations/en.json`, not directly from `strings.json`.
```
